Id name validate format (#2181)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a new validation to the **validate** command to verify that the docker in use is not deprecated.
* Added support for multiple ApiModules in the **unify** command
* Added slack notifier for build failures on the master branch.

> * Added a validation that classifier's id and name are matching. Updated the format of classifier to include update_id too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a **validate** check, making sure classifier id and name values match. Updated the classifier **format**   to update the id accordingly.
```

> * Added a **validate** check, making sure classifier id and name values match. Updated the classifier **format**   to update the id accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a **validate** check, making sure classifier id and name values match. Updated the classifier **format** to update the id accordingly.
```
